UNR-4165 Added functions to register delegates to individual flags and directly invoke them (#2688)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

  NOTE: If your project does not use custom values for the `PositionUpdateFrequency` or `PositionDistanceThreshold`, then, by default, the updates will be sent with the same frequency as before and no action is required.
- Removed the `OnAuthorityLossImminent` Actor event.
- 'WorkerLogLevel' in Runtime Settings was split into two new settings - 'LocalWorkerLogLevel' and 'CloudWorkerLogLevel'. Update these values which will be set to 'Warning' by default.

> - In SpatialWorkerFlags.h some renaming took place around using delegates on flag changes, 

Reviewer: Big Nit:  "delegates on flag changes, these functions" -> "delegates on flag changes. These functions"

- Handover is now optional depending on whether the load balancing strategy implementations require it . See `RequiresHandoverData`
- Improved the failed hierarchy migration logs. The logs now contain more specific reasons for the failure and the frequency of repeated logs is suppressed.
- SpatialWorldSettings is now the default world settings in supported engine versions.
- Worker SDK version compatibility is checked at compile time. 
- SpatialWorkerFlags has reworked how to add callbacks for flag updates:
  1. `BindToOnWorkerFlagsUpdated` is changed to `RegisterAnyFlagUpdatedCallback` to better differentiate it from the newly added functions for register callbacks. 
  2. `RegisterFlagUpdatedCallback` is added to register callbacks for individual flag updates
  3. `RegisterFlagUpdatedCallback` & `RegisterAnyFlagUpdatedCallback` take in a enum that adds the ability to invoke the registered callback immidiately if already set.

>   4. `AwaitFlagUpdated` is added which invokes a given callback for a specific immidiatley if already set or awaits and invokes the callback when the flag is set, invokes callback **only** once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  4. `AwaitFlagUpdated` is added which invokes a given callback for a specific woker flag immediately if already set or awaits and invokes the callback when the flag is set, invokes callback **only** once.
```
